hello guys welcome to my channel so this
is the look that we're going to be
creating today if you want to find out
how I got this book please keep watching
I start by priming my eyes with Mac
painting BAM boom next I'm going in with
a shading brush and a champagne color
from the sticks tone palette i'm just
applying the color from the beginning of
my eyelids a little bit past the middle
i'm not taking it all the way to the end
with a small shading brush i'm applying
this green color from the same palette
on the outer part of my eye
next I'm applying this much color from
the same palette above my crease is also
going to serve as my transition color
then with a small pencil brush on the
color that we just used I'm just gently
defining my crease
I'm going in with a biga Chris portion
I'm just using this to blend out any
harsh line I'm using these two colors
highlight I did the flat shading brush
once into each color I'm going back in
with the mac 224 brush and I'm just do
this to blend out any lash line next I'm
using a tape at Chris Bosh on this block
from the same palette that we've been
using to deepen the crease color and
also create an altar p
next I'm using the mac to 10 brush and
the wet and wild mega ice cream liner to
line my eyes
for my lashes i adore demi wispies gonna
apply the NYX jumbo pencil in milk on my
lower lash line and then I went in with
the champagne color that we applied on
the leads i just applied it on my lower
lashline grunting with the green color
and then lastly I apply the black on the
outer part of my lower lash line just
like we did on the lid next I'm going to
with a pencil brush and this color from
the same palette and I'm just applying
this on my teardrops area to line my
waterline i'm using the mac feline i
call and then i'm applying the wires all
babies all mascara i love this mascara
my plane i'm applying it on my upper and
lower lashes and with that we're done
with your eyes
for my blush I'm using the sleek glossy
girl I'm applying you with the Real
Techniques blush brush
I'm lining my lips with corporate pencil
by Mac
next I'm applying my freckle to a
lipstick
then I'm just going over the lip stick
with this lip gloss from cage cosmetics
called melon the is mad and I think
you